1. Video 1 :-> Understanding The Coding Plan

	a.Beginner :->Who solved less than 100 questions
	b.Intermediate: who solved more than 100 questions
	c. Watch Video of anuj bhaiya
	d. Follow flow chart 
	
	Revision Plan:
	a.Creating personal doc
	b.adding links of code in it
	
2. Video 2: -> 
	a. Dont act like a robot ... little bit of informal connnect is needed
	b. Maintain smile during some moments
	c. Never stress much ... interviewer is a human as well.
	 
	 Technical  points:
	 a. Use good Variable names
	 b. use proper methods/functions.
	 c. Follow indentation
	 d. Try to explain each line of code
	 e. Never jump on code directly
	 f. As soon u got coding problem ask doubts, assumptions,requirements.
	 
step0:	 
As you got question ask questions related to question either you don't have try to act as a have questions

step1:Talk about the solution
make Example test cases.

step2: Talk about approaches
		1. I have bruite force approach and its time and space complexity this.
		2. I have optimized approach and its time and sapce complexity this.

step3:
a. variable name should be perfect
b. Try to indentate code
c. Use functions whenever required
d. Discuss corner cases
e. speak clearly while writing or explaining code.

step4: Write code

Step5: Dry run the code
Note-> If there is time
Dry run-> it is considered as actual working of code.

Step6:Ask questions to interview about the company or anything

-> How did you join the company.
-> How was your journye so far?
-> how many time take to reach SDE2:
-> what tech stack/domain  teach you worked for.


Video3:
Non-technical 
1. Number of linkedin Connection. It should be more than 2000-5000
2. Linkedin Visibility: Try to be active on linkedin
3. Linkedin Application: 
4. Apply 10-25 daily
5. Resume Improvement.
6. Linkedin Profile Improvement:
7. Linekdin Algorithm
8, Dev session/Intern


Communication Skills
1. clearity and depth of expression: Masala daal kr thoda jor se bolna.
2. psychology Trick : Pulling the direction of interview in your side.


Mindeset:
if I try here and there and try harder i will got answers.


Health:


Resume :Make two resume with different email id and number;

Referral: 




Video4:

1. Daily Revision 
	. Create document for each topic
	. Add question link and its approaches.
2. DSA for interview
	. Popular 500-600 interview questions.
3. DSA for OA.
	. Hard than interview.
		
